SCENARIOS

1. 
Jon, a bank employee, is driving back home while he notices a strange noise coming from his car. He decides to stop at the first garage on the road.
The mechanic checks the car and tells him that the problem is quite serious, and a part must be replaced immediately,
but ,since the spare part is not in storage, the car must stay there untill the new part arrives. 
The garage is far from Jon's home and no public transport covers the distance, so as Jon's hunger grows, he decides to call a taxi.
He checks on his phone and finds MyTaxiService app. After downloading, he inserts his position and confirms. The app informs him that he has to wait 5
minutes for taxi 13C to come over.

2. 
Brandon is going to Moscow in three days and must be at the airport at 3,00 pm. Howewer, differently from what was provided,
his mother can no longer take him to the airport because she arrenged an appointment with the haidresser at the same time,
and recommends him to take a taxi that will lead him right near the airport entrance.
Brandon searches on his personal computer for a taxi service and found MyTaxiService, fill in the form with his address,the airport address and the
time of departure.Later that day, Brandon receives an email of confirmation and can pack peacefully.

3.
Eddard, a taxist, is just starting a new day of work. he goes to the taxi station and picks the taxi assigneted to him that day.
As soon as he gets in the vehicle he logs into his account, inserting his code and password.The light on th display is green, he is connected with the system 
and he is sending correctly his position. Now he awaits for incoming call.

4.
Robb, a taxist, receives a notification of an incoming call. The request comes from Mario Street, not far from his position.
Robb looks at the time, it's 12.58 and his turn is over in two minutes so he declines the request.

5.
Arya, a young girl, wants to go to an exhibition on environmental sustainability downtown.
She has heard that the city centre will be closed at traffic and only taxis will be able to access, so she decides to take one, and in order to
save some money she reserves a ride and enables the sharing option, hoping that also others will use the taxi and join her.
She receives a message from the taxi service in which they confirm the taxi and that 3 more people will use the same ride so the cost will be only of 5 $.

6.
Rickon, a taxist, receives a notification of an incoming call. It's a shared ride, so in addition to the starting point and the destination, there are 
indicated some other checkpoints on the journey.